<<<<<<< HEAD
/Users/Ludo/Projets/Lua/engine
load applications/default
release 1 fonts
memory at init    : 1.17 mo
memory min        : 1.17 mo
memory max        : 14.27 mo
memory variation  : 13.09 mo
memory at release : 7.59 mo
=======
C:\Users\lmilhau\Documents\#Persos\Mes Projets Persos\Lua\engine
load applications/appManager
load applications/default
load applications/appmanager
load applications/apps/2048
load applications/apps/asteroid
load applications/apps/bbtan
load applications/apps/calc
load applications/apps/freecell
release 3 fonts
memory at init    : 0.98 mo
memory min        : 0.98 mo
memory max        : 9.41 mo
memory variation  : 8.44 mo
memory at release : 9.58 mo
>>>>>>> 2bc3736721b58ff7799edc037051ce218443c24c
